[CCM] Document the new ccm_budget_write permission (#36393)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/cloud_cost_management/_index.md

## Permissions

> Cloud Cost Management uses two main permissions, `cloud_cost_management_read` and `cloud_cost_management_write`, to control access to cost data and most CCM configurations. Additional permissions are available for specific use cases, such as editing budgets (`ccm_budget_write`) and managing report schedules. See the [Permissions documentation][9] for a detailed breakdown of requirements by page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cloud Cost Management uses the following permissions to control access to cost data and most CCM configurations:
- `cloud_cost_management_read` 
- `cloud_cost_management_write`
 
Additional permissions are available for specific use cases, such as editing budgets (`ccm_budget_write`) and managing report schedules. For a detailed breakdown of requirements by page, see [Permissions][9] .
```

Author: Thanks, I've updated the sentence.

I also removed the sentence "Additional permissions are available for specific use cases, such as editing budgets (`ccm_budget_write`) and managing report schedules." following input from product
